# Change Log
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.2.7] -
### Changed
- Relaxes the `abeamer create` to support a project names with spaces and non-latin characters.
- If `server-agent-puppeteer` has `page.goto` it logs the error.
- (DEV)`gulp bump-version` checks for error conditions of badge creation.
- `abeamer create` checks if the project name already exists, and throws error if is true.
- `abeamer movie` also supports `.webm` and `.avi` outputs.
- `abeamer create` if project name has a path component it does `mkdirp`.

## [0.2.6] -
### Fixed
- `abeamer-cli` converts exception into `console.error` messages.
### Added
- `abeamer movie` also supports `.webm` and `.avi` outputs.
- `abeamer gif` supports `--loop` parameter to define the number of loops.
- `README` supports animated badges.

## [0.2.5] -
### Fixed
- Fixes the case where a pixel property has previous animation and has no `valueStart`.
- Added `color-functions` to documentation.
### Changed
- `pEls` no longer needs to use `laserMarker`.
- (DEV)Removed several unused vars.
- Improved `gulp bump-version`.
### Added
- Added `advance` parameter for both animations and property animations.
- Added badges to the `README.md`.


## [0.2.4] -
### Fixed
- Created a workaround to overcome github/npm striping video tag.


## [0.2.3] -
### Fixed
- Fixes `README.md`.
- Improved `_waitForMediaSync` to wait for video ready to play and finish seek, only when is ready.
- `video-sync` Flyover supports `serverRender` param to disable if `hasServer`.
- Fixes `/gallery/animate-video-sync/js/main.ts` duration.
- `abeamer-cli movie` supports `--bkg-movie` option to blend a movie with a transparent image sequence.
### Added
- (DEV) http-server-ex.ts: `npm serve-with-dirs` also lists 'index.html', 'README.md' files.
- Added more info about the command line utility.
- `gulp build-gallery-release` can add video to `README.md` instead of gifs.
- Added `gulp clean-gallery-png`.
### Changed
- Default movie name generated by `abeamer-cli movie` to `story.mp4`.


## [0.2.2] -
### Fixed
- Fixes `gallery/animate-workbench` top value parameter.
- Added extra info to gallery examples to improve browser compatibility.
- `Adaptor` and `interpolator` improved browser compatibility.
- fixes missing devDependencies.
### Added
- Added logical `and`, or `or` to expressions.
- `abeamer-cli create` adds a comment before injecting the plugins.
- (DEV)declared function return `void` if it didn't had a return value.
- `abeamer serve --dirs` defines the body colors (fixes a problem on firefox with dark themes)
### Changed
- `hello-world` uses `scene1` instead of `scene0`.
- Improved documentation.
- Improved `build-docs`: removes README.md, generates logs, improves generation of `api-header`.
- Removed `TransitionFuncHandler`.


## [0.2.1] -
### Added
- Raises an exception if `value` parameter isn't number nor expression.
- Added `gallery/animate-video-sync`.
### Changed
- `hello-world` example uses `div` instead of `p`.
- `gulp build-gallery-release` cleans `gallery-release` before copy all the examples.
- Improved `hello-world` example.
### Fixed
- Fixes `ellipse` path `radiusY` parameter.
- Fixes `gulp build-docs` link parser.
- Fixes `server-agent-phantomjs`.
- Minor cosmetic improvements on gallery examples.


## [0.2.0] -
### Breaking changes
- `isExpression` becomes `isExpr`.
- `vars.defaultDuration` removed.
- `DEFAULT_DURATION` becomes immutable `1f`.
- `rgb` function moves into color-functions plugin.
- `typewriter` text task cursor is parameterized in similar way to CSS properties.

### Changed
- (DEV)Harmonization of internal call parameters.
- `parseTimeHandler` becomes public.
- `calcExpr`, `ifExprCalc`, `ifExprCalcNum` becomes public.
- Removed `defaultDuration` from the gallery.
- (DEV)exact framework supports plugins.
- Improved cross-browser CSS support.
- Adaptors have access to ABeamerArgs.
- Redesigned the render loop to support wait functions.
- Improved `README.md`.
- Redesigned `gallery/animate-speech`.
### Added
- Added `DEFAULT_FADE_DURATION = '400ms'`.
- Added `color-functions` plugin with `rgb` and `rgba` functions.
- (DEV)Added `teleport.sh` test script.
- `_DOMElementAdapter` can sync HTMLMediaElement `currentTime` property.
- `_DOMElementAdapter` checks if `img` `src` is loaded, if not adds `waitFor` to wait until loaded.
- First implementation of custom waitFor.
- `_DOMElementAdapter` handles Animation property waitFor parameter.
### Fixed
- Fixed `gulp build-gallery-gifs` links.
- Improved CSS properties teleportation.


## [0.1.6] -
### Changed
- Improved the bump-version gulp command.
### Added
- Added npm before-* commands to reduce the errors when abeamer is published.


## [0.1.5] -
### Added
- Easings, Oscillator and Path handlers by Id.
- Lists command line utility options in the dash format.
- abeamer serve --list-dir also prints the link with `http://localhost:${port}/?dir`
- abeamer serve --list-dir sorts the listing, and places directory names first.
- Class property animation.
- gulp build-docs* and build-gallery-release with local and online links.
- gulp README-* converts README.md links to local or online.
- improved documentation.
### Fixed
- Fixes gallery/localization text label.


## [0.1.4] -
### Fixed
- Fixed typings.


## [0.1.3] -
### Fixed
- Fixed hello-world/main.scss clip-path.


## [0.1.2] -
### Fixed
- Fixed npmignore.


## [0.1.1] -
### Fixed
- Fixed links and fixed phrases in documentation.


## [0.1.0] -
- First Release
